docs/TODOs.md, before:

# NEXT

-   [x] LEARNED that React's setState functions are ASYNCHRONOUS. YOU CANNOT DEPEND ON THE VARIABLE TO CHANGE IMMEDIATELY.
-   [ ]
-   [ ] Modify the `_document.tsx` to inject Material UI themes. I need to support the dark theme by default. See https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/examples/nextjs/pages/_document.js
-   [ ] Use the dark theme to make the guitar/v2 radio buttons have a white outline.
-   [ ] How to subscribe to changes in state in my App.ts? Do I need to forward changes from my component.tsx?
    -   [ ] Fix the checkbox shit.
-   [ ] Whenever tracks are loaded from localstorage or a MIDI file, they should be checked!
    -   [x] Maybe I should use the global redux store.... :-\
-   [ ] Keyboard Events (keyCode is deprecated). We should eventually transition to using either .key or .code, which do different things.
    -   [ ] `KeyboardEvent: key='${event.key}' | code='${event.code}'`;
-   [ ] Save all the file info, so that when we refresh the page, we can restore the song's file name, etc etc.... It should look exactly like after I drag a MIDI file into the bottom panel.
-   [ ]
-   [ ] Have a button for me to add empty tracks manually!
-   [ ]
-   [ ] FIX Mouse Handlers in PianoKeyboard.tsx. Right now clicking on left edge has a 17px offset or something. Whatever's going on, I end up playing the wrong note when I click the piano key.
    -   [ ] When my mouse leaves to the left side of the canvas, it plays middle C or something. Handle negative X values correctly! Clamp to 0! :-)
-   [ ] The first track should not be squished down. It should always be checked, if it's the only track.
-   [ ] Organize CSS for Tracks. Move them from index.tsx => Tracks.tsx.
-   [ ] CONTINUE: Fixing the Highlight Feature. We should not be able to highlight tracks that don't exist. Make sure the highlight is obvious.
-   [ ] Add a keyboard shortcut to ADD_NEW_TRACKS
    -   [ ] Then allow the user to append notes to different tracks.
    -   [ ] When we download the song, we will copy all notes as separate lines.
    -   [ ] When we play the song, we will play all tracks simultaneously, one notegroup per tick.
-   [ ]
-   [ ] Rely on Singletons / Static Classes for storing the model. Then just dispatch EVENTS to say that the model has changed. EVENTS can just update the timestamp of the event or something, to trigger a re-render.
    -   [ ] Batch dispatches somehow.... I should only trigger the minimal amount of stuff that has changed, so we don't re-render too much!
-   [ ] Add a keyboard shortcut to ADD_MEASURE_SEPARATOR ||. This separator will be skipped during playback.

# Piano TODOs

-   [ ] THE CODE IS REALLY UGLY :-) I'm still converting jQuery to React, so I should clean stuff up whenever possible.
    -   [ ] V2: Make interaction between JS/CSS and HTML/DOM more React-like rather than jQuery like!
-   [ ] Test out how <input> tags work in React. I swear there's a bug in React where onChange isn't fired when you select all and delete.
-   [ ] Piano.V1: The first note you hit will be Synth tones. It will auto switch to Sampler tones once everything is preloaded. SWEET!
-   [ ] Piano.V1: Piano.ts should preload the samples in a programmatic way with less repetition of the baseURL and audio file names.
-   [ ] Piano.V1: Right now, we need to hit space to preload the sounds. Can we preload by hitting any space?
-   [ ] Make Tone.js sound more like a piano w/ better pianoteq samples!

# Other TODOs

-   [ ] guitar/v1/App.ts has some BUGs.

    -   [ ] Press letter A right after the page is loaded. ERROR. We try to play a note, but Tone.js's mp3 buffers aren't yet loaded.
    -   [ ]

-   [ ] Need to support Workers in Next.js
        https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/worker-plugin
        https://github.com/koheitakumi/nextjs-typescript-comlink
        https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-web-worker
-   [ ] usePersistedState might cause a React error if something is wrong while loading the state as JSON. I had to call localStorage.clear()
-   [ ] npm i lodash for piano v1/v2
-   [ ] BUG: When I first load the page, the text area isn't populated correctly. ★★★★★
-   [ ] When I refresh or go to a URL directly, it gets a 404! Something about routing?
    -   [x] This does NOT happen on surge or GitHub pages! We need to configure something with the test server!
-   [ ] Add trailing slash on about/ page and other similar pages.
-   [ ] Learn about Debugging: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_breakpoints

# DONE

Commit message:

FretCanvas can draw for both Guitar and Ukulele now.

docs/TODOs.md, after:

# NEXT

-   [ ] When I hit a key, figure out which note we want to play and add it to our text area.

    -   [ ] Should I have a NoteGroup class that handles Piano Notes and Guitar Notes? Or should they handle both? (Or at least support translating between the two....)
    -   [ ] Start with..... // XXXX32 => { 6:'X', 5:'X', 4:'X', 3:'X', 2:'3', 1:'2' } splitNoteGroup(noteGroup: string) {

-   [ ]
-   [x] LEARNED that React's setState functions are ASYNCHRONOUS. YOU CANNOT DEPEND ON THE VARIABLE TO CHANGE IMMEDIATELY.
-   [ ] Modify the `_document.tsx` to inject Material UI themes. I need to support the dark theme by default. See https://github.com/mui-org/material-ui/blob/master/examples/nextjs/pages/_document.js
-   [ ] Use the dark theme to make the guitar/v2 radio buttons have a white outline.
-   [ ] How to subscribe to changes in state in my App.ts? Do I need to forward changes from my component.tsx?
    -   [ ] Fix the checkbox shit.
-   [ ] Whenever tracks are loaded from localstorage or a MIDI file, they should be checked!
    -   [x] Maybe I should use the global redux store.... :-\
-   [ ] Keyboard Events (keyCode is deprecated). We should eventually transition to using either .key or .code, which do different things.
    -   [ ] `KeyboardEvent: key='${event.key}' | code='${event.code}'`;
-   [ ] Save all the file info, so that when we refresh the page, we can restore the song's file name, etc etc.... It should look exactly like after I drag a MIDI file into the bottom panel.
-   [ ]
-   [ ] Have a button for me to add empty tracks manually!
-   [ ]
-   [ ] FIX Mouse Handlers in PianoKeyboard.tsx. Right now clicking on left edge has a 17px offset or something. Whatever's going on, I end up playing the wrong note when I click the piano key.
    -   [ ] When my mouse leaves to the left side of the canvas, it plays middle C or something. Handle negative X values correctly! Clamp to 0! :-)
-   [ ] The first track should not be squished down. It should always be checked, if it's the only track.
-   [ ] Organize CSS for Tracks. Move them from index.tsx => Tracks.tsx.
-   [ ] CONTINUE: Fixing the Highlight Feature. We should not be able to highlight tracks that don't exist. Make sure the highlight is obvious.
-   [ ] Add a keyboard shortcut to ADD_NEW_TRACKS
    -   [ ] Then allow the user to append notes to different tracks.
    -   [ ] When we download the song, we will copy all notes as separate lines.
    -   [ ] When we play the song, we will play all tracks simultaneously, one notegroup per tick.
-   [ ]
-   [ ] Rely on Singletons / Static Classes for storing the model. Then just dispatch EVENTS to say that the model has changed. EVENTS can just update the timestamp of the event or something, to trigger a re-render.
    -   [ ] Batch dispatches somehow.... I should only trigger the minimal amount of stuff that has changed, so we don't re-render too much!
-   [ ] Add a keyboard shortcut to ADD_MEASURE_SEPARATOR ||. This separator will be skipped during playback.

# Piano TODOs

-   [ ] THE CODE IS REALLY UGLY :-) I'm still converting jQuery to React, so I should clean stuff up whenever possible.
    -   [ ] V2: Make interaction between JS/CSS and HTML/DOM more React-like rather than jQuery like!
-   [ ] Test out how <input> tags work in React. I swear there's a bug in React where onChange isn't fired when you select all and delete.
-   [ ] Piano.V1: The first note you hit will be Synth tones. It will auto switch to Sampler tones once everything is preloaded. SWEET!
-   [ ] Piano.V1: Piano.ts should preload the samples in a programmatic way with less repetition of the baseURL and audio file names.
-   [ ] Piano.V1: Right now, we need to hit space to preload the sounds. Can we preload by hitting any space?
-   [ ] Make Tone.js sound more like a piano w/ better pianoteq samples!

# Other TODOs

-   [ ] guitar/v1/App.ts has some BUGs.

    -   [ ] Press letter A right after the page is loaded. ERROR. We try to play a note, but Tone.js's mp3 buffers aren't yet loaded.
    -   [ ]

-   [ ] Need to support Workers in Next.js
        https://github.com/GoogleChromeLabs/worker-plugin
        https://github.com/koheitakumi/nextjs-typescript-comlink
        https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/examples/with-web-worker
-   [ ] usePersistedState might cause a React error if something is wrong while loading the state as JSON. I had to call localStorage.clear()
-   [ ] npm i lodash for piano v1/v2
-   [ ] BUG: When I first load the page, the text area isn't populated correctly. ★★★★★
-   [ ] When I refresh or go to a URL directly, it gets a 404! Something about routing?
    -   [x] This does NOT happen on surge or GitHub pages! We need to configure something with the test server!
-   [ ] Add trailing slash on about/ page and other similar pages.
-   [ ] Learn about Debugging: https://code.visualstudio.com/docs/nodejs/nodejs-debugging#_breakpoints

# DONE
